The Universe Is Going To Catch You
It's been a long time coming
It's not up for debate
You've been a hollowed-out apple
Though you're standing up straight
It's later than you think
And we're not gonna wait
If you continue to tell us if you continue to tell us
The universe is going to catch you
Well it was fine until you fell off
Of the face of the Earth
'Cause we would call you at home
And noone picked up the phone
But we were worried that you'd fallen
In the river, or worse
But then you sent us back a letter it said in capital letters
THE UNIVERSE IS GOING TO CATCH YOU
Come back inside
To this house
To your home
Made of steel-structured styrofoam
Nobody's out there
But someone is singing you back to your birthplace
That voice is the same voice
You heard on the same night that
Everything glowed
Took you into the air
And the arms of the Universe
Kept you from falling
But after that happened
Those arms did not come back
So when you leapt up
And nobody caught you
Your neck broke
Kettering
I wish that I had known in that first minute we met, the unpayable debt that I owed you. 
'Cause you'd been abused by that bone that refused you, and you hired me to make up for that. 
Walking in that room when you had tubes in your arms, those singing morphine alarms out of tune.
They kept you sleeping and even, and I didn't believe them when they called you a hurricane thunderclap.
When I was checking vitals I suggested a smile. You didn't talk for awhile, you were freezing. 
You said you hated my tone, it made you feel so alone, and so you told me I ought to be leaving. 
But something kept me standing by that hospital bed, I should have quit but instead I took care of you. 
You made me sleep all uneven, and I didn't believe them when they told me that there was no saving you.
Sylvia
"Please, curtains in. Start us off...You swing first. Sorry. I don't know what I said, but you're crying now again, and that only makes it worse. Let me do my job. let me do my job.
"Sylvia, get your head out of the oven. Go back to screaming, and cursing, remind me again how everyone betrayed you. Sylvia, get your head out of the covers. Let me take your temperature, you can throw the thermometer right back at me, if that's what you want to do, okay?
"Please. please calm down. Steady out, I'm terrified. Sorry, I want us to ally, but you swing on little knives. They're only sharp on one side. Let me do my job. Let me do my job.
"Sylvia, get your head out of the oven. Go back to screaming, and cursing, remind me again how everyone betrayed you. Sylvia, get your head out of the covers. Let me take your temperature, you can throw the thermometer right back at me, if that's what you want to do, okay?
"Sylvia, can't you see what you are doing? Can't you see I'm scared to speak, and I hate my voice 'cause it only makes you angry. Sylvia, I only talk when you are sleeping. That's when I tell you everything. And I imagine that somehow you're going to hear me..."
Bear
There's a bear inside your stomach, a cub's been kicking from within.
He's loud, though without vocal cords, we'll put an end to him.
We'll make all the right appointments no one ever has to know,
and then tomorrow I'll turn twenty-one, we'll script another show.
We'll play charades up in the Chelsea, drink champagne, although you shouldn't be.
We'll be blind and dumb until we fall asleep.
None of our friends will come, they dodge our calls, and they have for quite awhile now.
It's not a shock, you don't seem to mind, and I just can't see how.
"We're too old."
"We're not old at all."
"Just too old"
"We're not old at all."
There's a bear inside your stomach, a cub's been kicking you for weeks
and if this isn't all a dream, well then we'll cut him from beneath.
Well we're not scared of making caves, or finding food for him to eat.
We're terrified of one another, terrified of what that means.

But we'll make only quick decisions, and you'll just keep me in the waiting room,
and all the while I'll know we're fucked, and not getting un-fucked soon.
When we get home we're bigger strangers than we've ever been before.
You sit in front of snowy television, suitcase on the floor.

"We're too old."
"We're not old at all."
"Just too old"
"We're not old at all."
"Epilogue"

In a nightmare, I am falling from the ceiling into bed beside you
You're asleep, I'm screaming, shoving you to try to wake you up
And like before, you've got no interest in the life you live when you're awake
Your dreams still follow storylines, like fictions you would make

So I lie down against your back, until we're both back in the hospital
But now it's not a cancer ward, we're sleeping in the morgue
Men and women in blue and white, they are singing all around you
With heavy shovels holding earth
You're being buried to your neck
In that hospital bed, being buried quite alive now
I'm trying to dig you out but all you want is to be buried there together

You're screaming
And cursing
And angry
And hurting me
And then smiling
And crying
Apologizing

I've woken up, I'm in our bed, but there's no breathing body there beside me
Someone must have taken you while I was stuck asleep
But I know better as my eyes adjust
You've been gone for quite awhile now, and I don't work there in the hospital
(they had to let me go)

When I try to move my arms sometimes, they weigh too much to lift
I think you buried me awake (my one and only parting gift)
But you return to me at night
Just when I think I may have fallen asleep
Your face is up against mine
And I'm too terrified to speak

You're screaming
And cursing
And angry
And hurting me
And then smiling
And crying
Apologizing
"I Don't Want Love"

You wanna climb up the stairs,
I wanna push you back down.
But I let you inside,
So you can push me around. 

If I leave before you,
And I walk out alone,
Keep your hands to yourself
When you follow me home. 

I don’t want love.
I don’t want love. 

We wake up with pounding heads,
Bruised down below.
I should have built better walls,
Or slept in my clothes. 

So if I see you again,
Desperate and stoned,
Keep your prison locked up,
And I will leave my gun at home. 

I don’t want love.
I don’t want love.

French Exit

Every time we speak, you are spitting in my mouth.
If I don’t take you somewhere else, I’m gonna pull my teeth right out. 

Every time we meet, you are shrieking in my ear.
If I don’t take you somewhere else, you’re gonna make this sin sincere…
Come on. 

Everyone I loved kept me tangled in my heart,
You’ll tie that knot a bit too loose, not enough to tease apart…
Come on. 

Everyone I hold holds me strangled, sweet and smart.
I’m not a puppy you take home, don’t bother trying to fix my heart.

Every Night My Teeth Are Falling Out

One bad night I’ll hold the glass until the glass can hold me down,
And one bad night I’ll spill and spill until my feet begin to drown.
One bad night I’ll hear you calling me to help you not pass out. 

You and I, divine but not devout,
Every night my teeth are falling out. 

Try it, try it, try it,
Try it, try it, try it, try it,
Get your jaw off the floor.

Try it, try it, try it,
Try it, try it, try it, try it,
Get your jaw off the floor.

One dumb night I’ll make a point to take an old verboten route,
And one dumb night I’ll take you out, to the bar we’ve both blacked out.
One dumb night two bad decisions don’t divide to cancel out. 

You and I, divorced but not devout,
Every night my teeth are falling out. 

Every night my teeth are falling out.

Try it, try it, try it,
Try it, try it, try it, try it,
Get your jaw off the floor.

Corsicana

By the time that we woke up,
We couldn’t stop the sparks,
We couldn’t see outside,
When the curtains fell apart. 

We couldn’t hear the books
When the pages curled away.
We should shut that window we both left open now. 

We lost our chance to run,
Now the door’s too hot to touch.
We should hold our breaths with mouths together now.
Putting The Dog To Sleep

Prove to me I’m not gonna die alone.
Put your arm around my collarbone,
And open the door. 

Don’t lie to me if you’re putting the dog to sleep,
That pet you just couldn’t keep,
And couldn’t afford. 

Well prove to me I’m not gonna die alone.
Unstitch that shit I’ve sewn,
To close up the hole that tore through my skin. 

Well my trust in you is a dog with a broken leg,
Tendons too torn to beg for you to let me back in. 

You said, “I can’t prove to you you’re not gonna die alone,
But trust me to take you home,
To clean up that blood all over your paws. 

You can’t keep running out,
Kicking yourself off the bed,
Kicking yourself in the head,
Because you’re kicking me too.” 

Put your trust in me,
I’m not gonna die alone.
Put your trust in me,
I’m not gonna die alone… I don’t think so...
Palace

You were simpler,
you were lighter when we thought like little kids.
Like a weightless, hate-less animal,
beautifully oblivious before you were hid inside a stranger you grew into,
as you learned to disconnect.

Now he hangs your mirrors separately,
so one can’t show you what the other reflects.

When he heard I was on his tail, he emptied your account and hid a part of you that’s so invaluable
(the part of you unsellable at any amount).
He left the tallest peak of your paradise
buried in the bottom of a canyon in hell,

but I swear I’ll find your light in the middle,
where there’s so little late at night, down in the pit of the well.

Then when heaven has a line around the corner,
we shouldn’t have to wait around and hope to get in
if we can carpenter a home in our heart right now
and carve a palace from within.

We won’t need to take a ton of pictures,
It won’t be easy to believe
the day we wake inside a secret place that everyone can see.
Doppelgänger

Can you hear me when I'm trapped behind the mirror?
A doppelgänger roaring from my silent kind of furor?

If you're quiet, you can hear the monster breathing…
Do you hear that gentle tapping?
My ugly creature's freezing.

And now's he howling, but I'm muted by the horror.
How he's everywhere and waiting,
now he's just around the corner.

Paranoia backward whispering on my shoulder,
like a wasp is getting nervous, so if I shiver… man, it's over.

Hotel

In the hotel, I can’t remember how the past felt.
I rent a blank room to stop living in my past self.
Fuck now, I’m outta here tomorrow.
Fuck now, I’m outta here tomorrow,
and when I check out, it won’t matter how my name’s spelled,
‘cause when you pass through, you only keep what you can’t sell.

In the hotel, I can’t remember how the past felt.
But in a strange bed, I keep sleeping with my past self.

Fuck now, I’m outta here tomorrow.
Fuck now, I’m outta here tomorrow,
and when I check out, it won’t matter how my name’s spelled,
‘cause when you pass through, you only keep what you can’t sell.

Intruders

Maybe when I’m older, I’ll be clearer,
more attuned and understanding.
Well, I’m ready.
I wrote a list of my demands and then I burned an older version.

So to start with, I’ll start over.
I’ll cut my hair and cut the power.
So who am I without weapons? Without defense to arm my guards against intruders?
Well this is my house, so fuck your doubts and your cute battalion,
‘cause I’m steady,
and when my double scales the wall, I’ll know exactly where he’s landing and I’ll surprise him.

Then when he’s captured, with his hands bound,
I beg for answers to all my questions, like,
“What happened?
Why’d you let me let you in when I was younger?
And why’d I need to?”

Director

From a stage in your heart, I can tell that you're far from yourself when you barter your lust for your health.
And when you claim it's all a play, and you just don't care,
I only stare…
I’m a director watching you rehearse.

You say,
"Lend me your eyes to evolve from that actor I fight in the dark,
where I'm two twins I can't tell apart!"
But you remember which is which when the wrong man wins.
You will hate who you are ’til you overthrow who you've been.
How’d you expect your soul to send a whole patrol if you were too far gone for me to know where to find you?
I’ve wandered out alone into your cold unknown to try to bring you home.
So you forgot your way?
Well I’m trying to remind you.

Revisted

When some unfamiliar faces came to shop in our old house,
I didn't bother trying to stop them until they emptied it out.
I was standing by the front door, stuffing cash in a jar, taking payment for our failures…
…I only wanted to alarm you.

So when they asked me for directions, I sold them our map.
I sold our shovels and our flashlights,
they took our duffel bag with a ton of room, but a broken strap.
The hungry patrons hit the graveyard, I lit a joint in the house,
where there was nothing but our mattress and the same soft shelter of sheets,
where nobody found us…

I let them strip your mausoleum so nothing was left,
but they forgot to close the casket…
They sent you shivering to my doorstep.
Gently clawing at my window when I was less than awake,
I slid it up for you to slither through.
I heard you howling,

"Just take me!
Just take me to the rusty city we perfected,
that holy summer we first found!”

The place you’re stubbornly protecting is the only pretty thing that we own now,
and we can stay here to wither in your garden of eden,
but your fantasy’s a prison and you’re serving a sentence you can't stop repeating.

Can you see the secret exit? The false wall in obsession?
You’ll only fit through the doorway when you relinquish your possessions.

So leave everything you've stolen that you can't give back,
and don't replace what you've been missing until you know what you're lacking.
Leave everything you've borrowed and kept for yourself.

You can’t unbreak our broken leases holding on to broken pieces, so return them!
No guilt, no sorry speeches.

Parade

Right when the blizzard ends, they throw a fucking huge parade-
A great excuse for celebration of the mess they've made.
But then when the streets get flooded, we know what proximity’s worth,
‘cause we're already here, in the same place when our phones don't work.

So then we lie down in our field and just do nothing at all,
and I’m getting ready for when everything is wonderful
for just a couple pairs of broken bones with broken feathers in blood,
in a meadow, uncut and understood.

We can be an island apart from a ceaseless war on our heart,
Harbored in a fortress insurmountable,
Taller than affliction, safe wherever we are.
Erasing horror and disgust,
Rewinding the sorrow and the rust.
Before our suffering’s suffering, hadn’t we suffered enough?

On the morning that we're both 19 and newly on our own,
and all we know is “each other” and invisible homes,
we find two empty seats in the back of a car in an empty parking lot,
where all our bridges are abandoned and the cops have forgot.

And I can feel the difference when the day begins,
like all I know is, "This year will be the year we win."
We smoke the paper from the banner from our past parades
and start again, before the memory of the mess we've made.

Surrender

Well I hope, when you can't hear what I am thinking, you know I can’t always talk
but I’m always listening in an absence, where you hate to feel uncared for,
pretending there's nothing that you're not prepared for.
Who are you lapping when you’re running from surrender if life is a fatal race for all contenders?
To find the peace within the combat where we’re standing, we have to make our history less commanding.

Well, our mercy is a boundary we’ll surrender when love is a safer place we both remember.
Like an old estate that stands in no location at the edge of an age of endless renovation.
And while all that noise competes for our attention, we’ll meet on a quiet field in our own dimension.

We'll step inside a world far less demanding when we allow for something less commanding.

Refuge

When you lift me out of me…
When you lift me out of me will I know when I’ve changed?
And when you bring me back to me, will you bring me back to me, un-estranged[?]

Man, you're already home and you don't even know it.
You have a room you can return to, and you'll never outgrow it.
See, you're already home when you don't know where to find it.

It's not our house that we remember,
it’s a feeling outside it when everyone's gone but we leave all the lights on anyway.

Man, you're already home and you don't even know it.
You have a room you can return to, and you'll never outgrow it.
See, you're already home when you don't know where to find it.

It's not our house that we remember,
it’s a feeling outside it when everyone's gone but we leave all the lights on anyway.