You may feel a real need to get moving today, Aries. Almost everyone prefers quiet activities, books, art, and even just sitting around to physical activity at times. But your health can suffer if you aren't active, Fresh air, exercise, and sunshine are vital to your well-being. Today don't resist any urge to get up and do something active. Chances are you will really enjoy yourself.
Today you may emphasize organizing things and managing your life, Aries. Take a look at your time management. It's possible to plan every day so you have enough time to do what you have to get done as well as do everything you'd like to do. Set priorities to keep things flowing well. There are many books and websites out there on this subject. Check them out.
Find some new ways to expand your horizons, Aries. The web has an infinite amount of information to explore, and your community and local colleges offer many courses from which to choose. Think about what you'd enjoy learning. Perhaps a new skill for your job or a crafts class that shows you how to make things. Whether self-defense or Italian strikes your fancy, it's out there. Find it.
Although the Sun in a spiritual sector of your chart can encourage you to close doors and relinquish situations that no longer serve you, there are also plenty of opportunities to open new doors. The idea of knowing when to let go of something and when to embrace it can be a powerful concept now. Venus enters its retrograde phase in your sign, encouraging you to develop your relationship with yourself. Be more forgiving and accepting of your faults.
Feel unbelievably energetic under the February 10 Lunar Eclipse. Be sure you aren't unrealistic and take on more than you can actually handle. Your health deserves respect, as do those numerous boring but necessary daily chores. On February 22, a Mars/Pluto square could set you off and ignite your temper. You may need extra peace and quiet under the February 26 New Moon/Solar Eclipse. There are elements in your life that deserve your attention and some deep meditation. You may even want to discuss something with a trusted friend who already understands that ultimately it will be your decision and no one else's.
You've got charm, smarts, and the element of surprise going for you all year long! Now what do you want to do with all these cosmic gifts? Tip: let them take you in a brand new direction. Saturn and Uranus are trine most of the year, meaning that you may just continue with what's been working well. However, as the year progresses, boredom and ambition may both grow. By December you may have positioned yourself to make a big move to begin something radically different. Venus is retrograde this year, partially in Aries. This provides you with more time to socially regroup and to appeal to people's emotional needs. A Mercury retrograde in April concludes in early May in your sign, Aries. Emotionally size up how things are going for you during the retrograde. By early May you should have a game plan that lets you make faster progress in a career or a relationship. Your planet Mars is extremely active and you should have the health and energy to be busy every single day. Not a bad thing!
Springtime may be the most pleasant and easiest time for love. Venus retrograde in Aries slows the pace down just enough so that your partner can more easily keep up with you. When Venus turns direct in Pisces, you both may be much more turned on and ready for action.
If firmly paired up and looking to tie the knot or make some other big commitment, consider waiting until after Venus retrograde ends on April 15.
Love is strong and generous through most of 2017 as Jupiter leisurely moves through Libra. Once Jupiter moves into Scorpio in October, relationships will need to be worked on to get stronger, deeper, and more honest. 
If there are too many demands made on your relationship for greater honesty, devotion, and maybe even some soul-baring, it could threaten your sense of independence. If things get too intense, you may want a time out or simply a bit more personal time and distance.
These can all bring emotional changes for the good. You both deserve to have your needs met, don't you? Yes!
Charm, quick wits, and thrills are all on your side in 2017. This can make romance easy to find. If you're enjoying your freedom, you should have great times before the Venus retrograde in Aries hits on March 4.
Romantic prospects and good times won't end then, but the pace may slow down. In fact you may be in the mood for a bit of a rest. When Venus turns direct on April 15, she will be in Pisces and your feelings may have softened and shifted.
The year's second Mercury retrograde starts in Taurus on April 9. Besides the usual increase in confusion and disconnected communications, your dating world may involve more expensive, nice things and higher living until Mercury reenters Aries on April 20 and your usual strong sense of self returns. When the retrograde ends on May 3, better communications should return, too.
Love turns more serious in October when Jupiter enters sensuous, sexy Scorpio. How much sizzle do you want, because you could get it... plus some.
Today, Taurus, you will probably have a ton of energy at your disposal for getting into all kinds of activities. Finish any work that still needs to be completed. Do some cleaning and organizing or see about getting out for a little warm weather fun. Whatever you choose, try to make sure it's active. You will need a place for all that energy to go. Quiet sedentary pursuits won't do it for you.
Step out of your routine, Taurus. Do this every so often to increase your knowledge and expand your horizons. The planetary aspects favor this. Walking to a different beat can give you far more than you imagine. Try something you've never considered before. Go to a new place. Change your desk around to gain a new perspective. See what you can discover about yourself and the world.
A dynamic urge for change has been building for some time. This week it could come to a head and you may be called to take action. If an opportunity comes your way, grab it with both hands. Even if you don't feel ready to embrace a new way of life, go for it anyway. You'll gain the experience as you go. At the same time, you could decide to pull back from a relationship in order to better understand your motives.
You may see love everywhere you look as Venus enters Aries on February 3. Do something fun and creative for the February 10 Lunar Eclipse. It's probably the healthiest thing that you can do. Be good to yourself, so long as you don't binge on sweets or comfort foods. You may be everybody's darling during the February 26 New Moon/Solar Eclipse. There's a powerful charm surrounding you now and everyone wants your approval and attention. If you're interested in joining a new group or making changes in your social circle, now's the time. Everyone will understand and be pleased with whatever you want.
This year, focus on your own well-being above all else. You can increase your material wealth and health this way, and also structure a more stable future. With Mars and the asteroid Ceres starting the year in your sign, you have the energy to nurture and grow the future you want.
The Sun-Pluto conjunction in early January is in the Cardinal Earth Sign Capricorn. Cardinal Signs love to start things, and Earth Signs (such as Taurus and Capricorn) are totally practical and realistic. This conjunction is a signal to make a big change or to formulate an ambitious new plan to make 2017 better than ever.
Your planet Venus is retrograde this year. Which things and people make you happiest? When this retrograde ends, you may want time to let your feelings settle down to focus on what really matters.
Of Mercury's four retrogrades, the second one starts in Taurus. Rethink any previous decisions and find improvements during this one (in April). 
Spring may be complicated, but autumn gets simpler and more serious when Jupiter moves into Scorpio in October. December is a powerhouse for all Earth Signs as Saturn goes home into Capricorn. Changes are everywhere!
This is an excellent day to express your natural creativity, Gemini. The arts will likely be very important to you. You may find that nothing brings you more pleasure on days like this. Consider putting this to good use by painting, sculpting, doing crafts, or whatever you like. You will find that engaging in creative activities with a focus on giving may be the perfect thing for you.
If you feel cautious today, Gemini, don't be alarmed. This can be a good thing, Gemini, as you can be too trusting at times or forget to take care when going into something new. Use a little caution in everything you do to keep safe. This is true with relationships, too. Give a little more thought and time to things to help you choose more wisely.
Are you satisfied with your current career, Gemini? If not, start by making a plan. There are specific steps that you can follow to take the greatest advantage of the available opportunities. Consider visiting career-related websites or ask a career counselor for advice. Don't settle for less than you deserve. See what you can find, and move toward a more fulfilling future.
There's a lot going on this week that could pave the way for some fabulous new options, but it might be wise not to make key decisions until early next week. You'll have had a chance to look into the details by then. With Neptune's ethereal energies in the mix, there could be a misunderstanding about what to expect. Clearing this up first can ease your mind. On the social scene, a new friendship could prove to be a game changer.
Friends perk you up in a big way around the February 10 Lunar Eclipse. You lift their spirits as well. You don't have to sacrifice all your time, but now isn't the moment you want to be a hermit. Solve a sticky problem when Mercury sextiles Mars on February 16. Be clever, and act promptly. Career and work concerns are highlighted during the February 26 New Moon/Solar Eclipse. If a new offer or different position is presented to you, don't discount it. Take your time and weigh the possibilities. Higher-ups may be making plans that they don't yet realize are grandiose or unrealistic.
Make the most of your people skills, make the big changes you want and need, and advance your goals for the future in 2017, Gemini. You'll have endless ideas and insights but it may be hard to activate them on your own. Talk, network, find partners, and team up when you think it's appropriate. 
Mercury, the Sun, and Pluto in Capricorn kickstart one of your most practical and successful years. Also, a Jupiter-Uranus opposition lets you be as innovative and vast-thinking as you please. Think big and be prepared to make major changes before the changes find you first.
A Saturn-Uranus trine offers discipline and boldness to create the year you want without sacrificing those people or things important to your happiness and success.
Venus and Jupiter are powerfully opposed as the Sun enters Gemini in May, giving you clear observations and the ability to make confident, shrewd decisions. Mars is in Gemini then, too. Your batteries are fully charged and you're ready to go!
If you're feeling tired, Cancer, you may need to lie back, close your eyes, and listen to some soothing music. You work hard most of the time, so it can do your body and mind good to just relax and listen to your favorite music. Why not do this today? Even a few minutes will make a difference. You can always use the quiet time to plan if you have to feel you've accomplished something.
Cancer, personal dignity may be important to you today. This may come about when things go wrong or if you're accused of something you didn't do. You always have control over your dignity. Your daily actions affirm this. The key is to hold on tightly to who you are and what you believe in. Defend your dignity if it's challenged. It's one thing that no one can take from you no matter what.
Don't fear any changes that lie ahead, Cancer. Even if you think you don't adjust well, you have more adaptability than you realize. Without change, life would become stagnant. It wouldn't be long before you became dissatisfied and bored with the same old thing. Try to see change as an adventure and a gateway to greater happiness and fulfillment. Trust your versatility.
There's a lot going on that's very exciting concerning your career. Whether you tread a professional path, own your own business, or seek a new job, things are looking up for you. It's said that he who dares wins, and this week you could be very bold and you certainly can win. With Venus entering its retrograde phase in this same zone, be very careful about signing a binding contract. In fact, you might want to wait until Venus turns direct.
This month's Lunar Eclipse on February 10 highlights a financial matter or other material concern. Money may appear to make possible a home improvement or provide a cushion that makes a family issue less stressful. Emotions and fantasies peak on February 18 as the Sun enters Pisces. Around the New Moon/Solar Eclipse on February 26, traditional values may clash with a rising interest in more radical, universal values. You already know that you probably can't save the world, but your heart could tug you in that direction. Keep your life intact, but if you can reach out and do more, well, why not?
2017 can be a highwater year full of major achievements, crucial decisions and changes for you, Cancer. Great things are possible with so much transformative energy aimed your way.
The January Sun-Pluto conjunction in Capricorn is also square Jupiter in Libra and Uranus in Aries. This creates a T-square that points straight at Cancer. Your home life, domestic environment, your home town, your country, and your home planet Earth rarely get this much celestial attention. Make great progress on any or all of these home fronts as soon as you can. 
It's also a great year to successfully conclude a long, difficult project or to make that big change that takes you to a better place... geographically, mentally, and/or emotionally.
The separating conjunction of Mars and Neptune in Pisces gives you enhanced intuition and instincts. This offers powerful advantages all year long. Will you take them?
When the Sun enters Cancer, Mars will be there, too. Jupiter will be in the heart of Libra, your Fourth House of home, family, and the conclusion of things. This year may take some hard work, but great energy, luck, and generosity are at your fingertips all year long.
Today may bring up strong feelings, Leo. This may not be new, as you have a tendency to feel things deeply. But it may be a bit tough to find a way to express this. While you're creative, finding the right activity to get you going isn't always easy. Why not visit a bookstore and look for some appealing craft books or art materials? This might spark ideas for new ways to express yourself.
Make your dreams a tool for gaining insight, Leo. In the past, some rulers believed that their dreams held great insights and they employed people to interpret them. Whether you think dreams are mystical insights or random brainwaves, there is much to be gained. Recurring dreams hold significance. They can point to something that you need to take care of. Consider exploring this area.
On the one hand, the Sun in a more intense sector of your chart can pull you inward to explore the deeper layers of your personality. On the other, a dynamic blend of energies could see you looking outward to new opportunities and discovering new territory. Radical insights are possible whichever way you turn. On Saturday, love planet Venus turns retrograde, and this can provide an opportunity to reconnect with someone you once knew.
This is a year on fire, pouring energy into your work, career, and creativity sectors. The January Sun-Pluto conjunction keeps your ambition and work ethic sky high. The separating Mars-Neptune conjunction makes sure that emotions, lofty spiritual ideals, and instincts are not left behind.
The Sun is conjoined with fiery Mars as it enters Leo. Here's your primary energy source for the whole year. Resist burning out or getting too forceful or impatient. Relax, and go for the gold. There's no limit to what you can achieve.
The Moon will be not quite New as the Sun enters Leo. This deep, quiet, dark Moon provides unlimited access to wise private insights. With this strong Moon in Cancer, home and domestic concerns will be important and should be well attended to.
A Lunar Eclipse on February 10 has the Moon in Leo. A Lunar Eclipse on August 7 has the Sun in Leo, followed by a Solar Eclipse in Leo on August 21. The Lunar Eclipse periods will stress intimate relationships and may create self-doubts. The Solar Eclipse may have more influence in public or social arenas. Be smart and sensitive before and during these periods.
Of the four Mercury retrogrades this year, the third one from mid-August until early September will start in Virgo but conclude in Leo. Look forward to emerging from the retrograde with many minor snags untangled and more energy to charge ahead.
You may think about bigger, more global issues as Mercury enters Aquarius on February 7. When the Lunar Eclipse occurs on February 10, a random word or action may attempt to discourage you, but it won't have any effect. You're secure in your knowledge, experience, and perspective if a contentious matter comes up socially or at work. No one is going to be able to persuade or dissuade you about anything important. Love and romance glitter and glow for you as the February 26 New Moon/Solar Eclipse approaches. Set aside purely practical concerns and luxuriate in an intensely romantic dream, if only for a little while.
Go easy with finances this week, as the temptation may be to splurge on something that could radically change your life. However, doing so could jeopardize your security, so think very carefully before paying a large sum of money, especially if it's on the spur of the moment. It might be better to wait a few weeks, until Venus turns direct on April 15, before you splurge. You'll have plenty of time to consider whether this is a wise decision.
Follow your instincts, Virgo. Even if you have a tendency to listen more to reason, put it aside today. While your ears hear words, your intuition can hear what's between the words and unsaid, providing you with a bigger picture than whatever is presented. If everything sounds right but feels wrong, you'd be better off trusting your feelings. Act with careful consideration and caution.
Today, Virgo, consider that artistic expression can happen in many ways. It isn't always about drawing a picture, singing a song, playing music, or acting. The way that you arrange your home or workspace is an artistic expression. So are how you dress and do your hair. Each thing you do is an expression of you and your choice of style. Being uniquely artistic is innate for you.
Your mother may be on your mind today, Virgo. Your mother probably affects how you think, act, and feel, both in the past and now. If your mother's sign is opposite yours, conflict and misunderstanding can happen more easily. Take the time to learn about her sign today to help you understand her and the relationship you have.
As soon as the Sun conjoins Pluto in Capricorn on January 7, the year 2017 will blast off into an adventure of work and career possibilities for Virgos. Your planet Mercury will be in Capricorn, too. Thoughts and ideas to move you ahead will be abundant and achievable all year.
January also starts with a mystic and mystifying conjunction of Mars and Neptune in Pisces. You'll be looking into the face of magic all year long, and you'll be able to tell what's real from what's illusion. That's an advantage that very few people will have.
The Moon and Venus conjunct in Aquarius smooths out many social and relationship issues. You will be able to see and think more clearly about others than perhaps they can themselves.
The most important celestial signal might be the conjunction of Mars and the Lunar North Node in Leo on the day that the Sun enters Virgo. 
You normally act with great consideration and compassion. This year, what you do may more often have karmic implications with soul connections to improve your life. Your more playful, dramatic actions could have deeper, more subtle and long-reaching consequences.
The third of this year's four Mercury retrogrades starts in Virgo on August 12 and ends in Leo on September 5. You can have some of your best and most successful moments of the year now. They may not look great in the moment, but they are.
Focus on yourself today, Libra. Take note of your health. You probably know that this is something you must take care of always, not just sometimes. Daily routines are important. It's up to you to stick to them. The little things like taking vitamins, staying active, and relaxing help maintain a healthy body. If you aren't feeling your best, make your habits more conducive to glowing health.
You may find that today brings great physical strength and energy to you, Libra. Given this, you may really want to do some tough, challenging physical work. This is certainly the day for it, so why not go for it? Do some yard work or clean out closets, cupboards, drawers, and filing cabinets. Consider donating items that you don't use anymore or plan a garage sale to make some bucks.
Feed your mind new knowledge, Libra. Visit a bookstore or read some interesting information on the web. If you have more time, visit the library or find out about some courses that might be perfect for you. There's knowledge to be had everywhere you look, provided you're open to receiving it. People are often the best resource. Ask someone to explain something, if that's what you need.
A relationship could be the catalyst for some dynamic action or a decision that could alter your life in a significant way. Your thinking may be oriented toward the future by an encounter that allows you to see possibilities you've never considered. Also, your ruler Venus enters its retrograde phase on Saturday, so avoid making any commitment to a person or a partnership until after April 15. You'll know exactly what to do by that time.
A bold lover may get bolder when Venus enters Aries on February 3. The Lunar Eclipse on February 10 makes a big world seem even bigger. Get interested and make friends with people of vastly different cultures. Share an ordinary activity or meal that seems exotic to your new acquaintances. Or you may discover and indulge in a new foreign news service. The New Moon/Solar Eclipse on February 26 wants you to restructure your daily routine and maybe add or eliminate something minor that takes up major time or effort. Or you may alter priorities and decide that what seemed urgent no longer is.
For the first ten months of 2017, enthusiatic and big-hearted Jupiter is in your sign, Libra. You can do endless good things with this. Strong allies, partners, and friends are there with you. Have a persistent vision, help and be helpful, and you should have a magnificent year!
Venus and the Moon are conjoined in the Air Sign Aquarius as 2017 begins. Love and all social relationships and connections will benefit from the cool, clear-seeing, but compassionate influences of this Air Sign.
Jupiter is retrograde from February through early June, giving you extra time to make the most of all the good things that Jupiter can bring. This retrograde doesn't take luck away but it concentrates on internal, less obvious issues. Be luckier in personal matters and get into better shape by the summer.
As the Sun enters Libra, Mercury, Venus, and Mars are all in sensible, accomplished Virgo. Your efforts may sometimes feel modest but they will have great influence and consequences.
The Sun is also conjoined with the asteroid Vesta. You natually sacrifice and share blessings and good luck. The Moon is in a separating conjunction with Jupiter at the same time. Feelings and intentions deepen and you'll focus more sharply on what matters most to you.
You'll look extra good in the workplace around the Lunar Eclipse on February 10. Without doing anything severe or forceful, you should be able to accomplish a big assignment with little or no hindrance. You could get cooperation from an unexpected quarter, too. People may get more argumentative as Mars squares Pluto on February 22. Don't bait or antagonize anyone, if possible. The New Moon/Solar Eclipse on February 26 may take something that annoyed you and transform it into your newest favorite thing or activity. It may not last long, but enjoy the dream while it lasts. It can be comforting and fun.
Certain spiritual insights could have a powerful effect on you and encourage you to leave your comfort zone. In fact, an exciting array of aspects could be a game changer for you, encouraging you in a direction that offers adventure and fresh opportunities. There's also a powerful focus on your romance sector, which could see a budding relationship become quite tender in the days ahead. With Venus turning retrograde, it might be wise to keep things light and easy for now.
Try to see nightmares as safe ways to understand feelings, Scorpio. No one likes to experience them, and we'd sooner forget them once awake, but the best way to ensure they don't return is to understand them. What's frightening you? Why do you feel insecure? Consider these questions and look for answers. Fear, pain, and anxiety are the most common ingredients of a real cold-sweat nightmare.
Scorpio, it's prime time to get busy. Activities that require focus or creativity will be supported. Physical strength and energy will encourage you to do something active. If you've felt sluggish, tired, or a little under the weather, today's planetary aspect can put an end to that. Consider artistic projects that take strength, such as building something out of wood.
No dream is too big or too late to fulfill. You may be thinking about your special dreams today, Scorpio. Perhaps you aspire to do something really great, be a pioneer in some field, or be a prominent figure. Whatever it is can happen if you believe in yourself and work toward it. Don't let naysayers stop you. If you decide you can, you probably will.
You may not recognize just how lucky you are going to be this year, Scorpio! The Sun-Pluto conjunction at 2017's beginning may keep you wired, intense, and focused on your chosen work. Keep an eye out for lucky opportunities and be ready to pounce. Your modern planet Pluto will keep you sharp and intense all year long.
The separating Mars-Neptune conjunction in Pisces may tug at your heart and conscience at times but your traditional planet Mars will keep you moving forward and won't let you sink into self-doubt.
When Scorpio starts, the Sun is conjoined with Jupiter and Mercury. Your lucky streak comes out of this. Mars is just entering Libra, too. This keeps you involved and plugged in with other kindred spirits, and those with shared goals and intentions.
Your drive for success is unwavering. Your craving for love and respect is also without limits. The outside world may be crazy at times but at the end of every day, you return to what matters most in your life.
2017 is a powerful and empowering year when nothing can distract, disturb, or stop you if you’re determined. Go out and do it!
Chances are good that you will receive a helping hand or comfort from someone many years your senior who cares about you, Sagittarius. Don't hesitate to ask for their thoughts, ideas, and assistance. They will probably enjoy being able to do this for you and be glad that you've approached them. Be open and accept the love and support that's offered.
Your active side may show through today, Sagittarius. While you can be extremely focused on brainwork, you also love to keep active and do physical work. When you have a project like cleaning your home, you can be very fast and efficient when you want to. This is a good day to get a lot accomplished. Run around doing this and that. You will probably enjoy it very much and feel very satisfied afterward.
Are you living your dreams, Sagittarius? Are you still in touch with them? The energy from today's planetary aspects can lend strength and encouragement to this part of your life. Seize the opportunity to take hold of the things that you want most of all. Ask yourself what you want people to say about you after you're gone. Get back on track to a fulfilled life by taking steps toward your desires.
You may not be able to avoid the impulse for fun and adventure that motivates you in the days ahead. If you have an opportunity to take a short break, this would be the ideal time to consider it. Concentrating on everyday tasks and chores may not be easy with your mind focused on fun and games. If you do get away for some sunshine and find yourself falling in love, the Venus retrograde indicates it might not turn out as you hope.
On February 5, the Jupiter retrograde begins and it's time to focus on personal goals and growth. Social life heats up for the Lunar Eclipse on February 10. You may think that you're already overbooked and scheduled to saturation, but it will only intensify. Do what you please and feel free to leave early if you're not thrilled. The New Moon/Solar Eclipse on February 26 lets you make a fresh start on something at home that you've wanted to do but postponed. The day is here and now. You may not get everything done instantly, but you can get a major improvement underway at last.
2017 is a year wide open with opportunities for Sagittarians. There is plenty of energy that will prompt you to dig in and make tremendous progress. 
There are also countless doors opening to new, previously unconsidered projects, pursuits, and partnerships. Forget those preconceived notions of what you should do or need to do. This year, you can do just about anything.
The Sun-Pluto conjunction in Capricorn in January keeps your attention on career and public pursuits. You're not limited to being intense only about work, though. If you have a creative or other passion, you can get intense about that, too.
2017 starts with Mercury retrograde in Capricorn but the planet goes direct in Sagittarius. Work steady but aim high. The fourth and final Mercury retrograde is entirely in Sagittarius. Saturn spends the year in Sagittarius so Mercury's extra time there in December only improves your grasp on whatever situation is developing around you.
When the Sun enters Sagittarius in November, planets are scattered around the sky. There is a Mercury-Saturn conjunction, however, that sharpens your keen mind and tempers your social activities. 
The asteroid Ceres is also transiting the Lunar North Node in glorious Leo. Nurturing yourself and your loved ones has never been easier or more satisfying.
On February 2, the Moon/Saturn trine encourages a smart, practical reaction to a social problem. You'll be fine around the Lunar Eclipse on February 10, but a friend or co-worker may have trouble keeping a secret or personal opinion confidential. The less time you spend in public, the more comfortable you'll feel. On February 26, the New Moon/Solar Eclipse wants you to kick up your heels close to home with your favorite buddies. A few family members would be OK, too. Favorite old amusements may create the biggest smiles and laughs. Have a great time without overdoing any food, drink, or anything else.
The desire to start a home-based business could excite you this week, and you'll be eager to get things underway. But it might be wise to look into the details first and make sure you're on the right track. As amazing an opportunity as it seems, there could be pitfalls you haven't considered that need to be factored in first. Venus turns retrograde, so it may be just as well to get the financial side of things thoroughly sorted out.
Check out advancing your career or education today, Capricorn. The energy can favor expansion and growth. When was the last time you learned a new skill? It doesn't have to be work related. If flower arranging, skydiving, or massage therapy is something that appeals to you, go for it. Never stop looking for ways to expand your knowledge.
If you've been feeling tired or sick lately, this will probably turn around for you, Capricorn. You may often experience moodiness, and this can be a real drain. Your emotional state can affect how your body feels. Be sure to take care of your feelings as well as your body. If there are things that need to be worked out, take care of them today. The two really do go together.
Today, Capricorn, you may think about competition and possible future goals. Imagining and dreaming can serve you well. What did you dream about as a kid? Who did you want to become? Are you close to this in your life now? If not, is this all right for you? Take time to think such things through and, if need be, get back on the right track.
It's your year to charge ahead, make bold changes for progress, success, and achieve greater respect in the world. The Sun-Pluto conjunction in January empowers and emboldens you all year long. 
There are four Mercury retrogrades in 2017 but only the first - seven days in January - will be in Capricorn. Start out in a cautious wait-and-see mode but after January 8, it's full steam ahead.
A trine between your planet Saturn and Uranus makes it easier this year to be bold and innovative once you've weighed your many options.
As the year begins, a rash of sextiles involving eight planets will keep you connected and in touch with people, enabling you to coolly and calmly relate to them, and to see the magic that surrounds many people and situations. 
Family and friends will listen and support you. But it may be love that generates the most progress for you.
Saturn is retrograde in Sagittarius from April until late August. This tones down any over-enthusiasm or rash action.
December is super strong when Saturn goes home and enters Capricorn on December 19. On December 21 the Sun enters Capricorn and conjoins Saturn. End the year in high spirits and firm footing for the year to come.
You may think about your finances today, Aquarius. It's never too late to learn about saving and investing, especially if there's something you really want to do, like travel. Preparing for retirement can seem surreal when you're young, but it's important to start early. Regardless of how your affairs have gone to date, change starts now. Write down your goals and meet with your financial adviser.You may think about your finances today, Aquarius. It's never too late to learn about saving and investing, especially if there's something you really want to do, like travel. Preparing for retirement can seem surreal when you're young, but it's important to start early. Regardless of how your affairs have gone to date, change starts now. Write down your goals and meet with your financial adviser.
You will probably be very busy today, Aquarius, which may suit you just fine. This can work in your favor if you have some work to catch up on. Being active and getting things done will be natural for you. In fact, when you have to sit for too long, you probably feel restless or anxious. You fidget and squirm. If you find yourself doing this, go do something more active!
Do you recognize your intuition as a valuable asset, Aquarius? Some people do and some don't. Which group are you in? It's easier to trust in concrete, factual reality than in things you can't see or touch. But your intuition can serve you more than you may realize. That gut feeling you experience can guide you with caution and alert you to danger. Put more trust in it and see.
Information that comes out of the blue could urge you to seize an opportunity you've long coveted. Regarding financial matters, you might need to take extra care with the confusing energies of Neptune muddying the waters. Think very carefully before signing anything, and go over the terms and conditions with a fine-tooth comb. If it's a really big deal, get a lawyer to go over it for your peace of mind. The weekend should be a lot more productive, though.
Expect a surprise when the Moon conjoins Uranus on February 2. The Lunar Eclipse on February 10 may point out a few things about yourself that you've been meaning to change anyway. It will be an improvement, be it hairstyle, routine lunch spot, or how much exercise you want to get each day. The New Moon/Solar Eclipse on February 26 brings fresh energy and possibly an influx of money for you. So long as you don't instantly spend or give it away, you could see long-term benefits. You might be able to acquire something that you've wanted for a long time.
2017 is a time of great potential and personal growth. Hard work and success are there, too, but your greatest progress may be made internally rather than externally.
The Sun-Pluto conjunction in Capricorn that starts 2017 keeps your eye on the material prize. The Mars-Neptune conjunction will keep your loves, ideals, and highest hopes alive.
The Moon and Venus are conjoined in Aquarius as 2017 begins, too. Have an easier, warmer rapport with people one-on-one because of this.
When the Sun enters Aquarius, the Moon and Jupiter are conjoined in your Ninth House of expansion and higher learning. In 2017, you will want to learn and understand on a more complex level.
A February 10 Lunar Eclipse has the Sun in Aquarius. An August 7 Lunar Eclipse finds the Moon in Aquarius. Emotional issues may rise to the surface at those times. Be kind, big-hearted, and solutions will find you.
Your planets, Saturn and Uranus, are incredibly powerful all year. They are trine as 2017 starts. New ideas, fresh projects and people, wisdom, and boldness are all at your fingertips.
Charge right through that long to-do list during the February 10 Lunar Eclipse. Get organized a day or two before and then clear your plate of things that have been lingering for weeks. The Sun enters Pisces on February 18. You may feel more vulnerable and exposed, but your sensitivity is your greatest strength. The February 26 New Moon/Solar Eclipse lets you dream your biggest, wildest dream. Make it constructive and positive. People will come out of the woodwork to support you. Don't be in a rush to enact your vision, however. The bigger the dream, the greater the risk of unforeseen consequences.
As the Sun in your sign ties with Neptune, your imagination could soar in the coming days and encourage you in your creative endeavors. You may also be drawn to cultural activities, such as art exhibitions or concerts, that speak to your soul. Go easy with finances, though, as you could find that an impulsive buy costs you dearly and leaves you strapped for cash. Later, Venus turns retrograde in this same zone, which is even more reason to look after your money.
Use your creativity to make things happen today, Pisces. Remember that creativity doesn't always take the form of a finished product. Use it to come up with innovative ways to approach a task, project, or problem. Trust in your ability to discover such possibilities. You're an intelligent and creative person. Combine the two to make an unbeatable tool for finding solutions to almost anything.
Today, Pisces, your ability to stand up for your decisions and not let others sway you may be enhanced. This will be especially true if you've arrived at a resolution that solves a problem. Others may often try to change your decisions. Maybe this is because they succeed, but not today. The planetary aspects are working in your favor, and you will feel a new strength. Follow your own heart.
Take the time today to consider your health, Pisces. Do you get enough rest, eat the right foods, take vitamins, exercise every day, go to the doctor when you need to, and take time to relax? All these help you have a lifetime of good health. Living a long, healthy life is something we all want. Start now to take care of your body.
2017 is a year of pure magic! Take the time to distinguish between what's real and what's illusion and you'll safely navigate any and all situations. 
With the Mars-Neptune conjunction in Pisces that opens 2017, you can use charm rather than be charmed, hold true to the loftiest of ideals, and dispel any deceit or deception.
The January Sun-Pluto conjunction in Capricorn brings intensity to all your efforts for success. It intensifies your feelings and passions, too.
A February Solar Eclipse in Pisces opens another door. Your modern planet Neptune is conjoined with the eclipsed Sun. If the outside world is in disarray, you'll see through the fog and be a beacon for others to realize what is best.
Your traditional planet Jupiter spends most of the year in Libra and is incredibly powerful. It starts in opposition to Uranus in Aries. This puts a lid on too many or too wild desires. 
When the Sun enters Pisces in February, Jupiter will still be opposed to Uranus, but now Mars in Aries is involved. Rash actions or impulses will be recognized in time. Pour extra creative energy into more constructive channels.
When the Sun enters Pisces, it will be together with the Lunar South Node. Memories, feelings, and emotional ties are strong this year. Catch yourself if you fall back into any old bad habits and benefit from what the past has taught you.


